update `updating.md` (#2058)
meilisearch/documentation: learn/advanced/updating.md

# Update to the latest Meilisearch version

::: danger
This guide does not work for versions below v0.15. For more information, [contact support](https://discord.gg/meilisearch).

> :::

Author: >we may be able to add other version specific warnings to this section

Won't that get too overwhelming? Also, when the users start following the guide, they'll have to scroll up to this section to see if anything applies to them, which will be annoying ig. I think we should version-specific warnings under the step they apply to. But instead of using notes/warnings, we could add an H3 that says "For v0.x.y or below".

Currently, Meilisearch databases can only be safely opened by the Meilisearch version you used to create them. The following guide will walk you through all the steps to migrate an existing database from an older version of Meilisearch to the most recent one.

If you're updating your Meilisearch instance on cloud platforms like DigitalOcean, AWS, or GCP, ensure that you can connect to your cloud instance via SSH. Depending on the user you are connecting with (root, admin, etc.), you may need to prefix some commands with `sudo`.

::: tip
If you are using v0.22 or above, use our [migration script](https://github.com/meilisearch/meilisearch-migration).
:::

## Step 1: Verify your database version

> Before we begin, you need to verify the version of Meilisearch that's compatible with your database. Use the get version endpoint and note your `pkgVersion`:

Author: I don't think we should add the link here, as we're using the endpoint in the example that follows the sentence

> Before we begin, you need to verify the version of Meilisearch that's compatible with your database. Use the get version endpoint and note your `pkgVersion`:

Author: ```suggestion
First, verify the version of Meilisearch that's compatible with your database using the get version endpoint:
```

<CodeSamples id="updating_guide_check_version_new_authorization_header" />

> ::: warning

Reviewer: As mentioned in a separate comment, I recommend generalizing this warning and moving it to the beginning of the guide, so it doesn't break up the reader's flow and make the process seem more complicated than it is.

:::

Currently, Meilisearch databases can only be opened by the Meilisearch version you used to create them. The following guide will walk you through all the steps to migrate an existing database from an older version of Meilisearch to the most recent one.

If you're updating your Meilisearch instance on cloud platforms like DigitalOcean, AWS, or GCP, ensure that you can connect to your cloud instance via SSH. Depending on the user you are connecting with (root, admin, etc.), you may need to prefix some commands with `sudo`.

::: tip
If you are using v0.22 or above, use our [migration script](https://github.com/meilisearch/meilisearch-migration) to update to a newer Meilisearch version without losing data or settings.
:::

## Step 1: Verify your database version

Before we begin, you need to verify the version of Meilisearch that's compatible with your database, in other words, the version that indexed the data.

Use the get version endpoint to check your Meilisearch version and note your `pkgVersion`:

<CodeSamples id="updating_guide_check_version_new_authorization_header" />

::: warning

> If Meilisearch returns a [`missing_authorization_header`](/reference/errors/error_codes.md#missing-authorization-header) error code, you might be using v0.24 or below. Change the authorization header to `X-MEILI-API-KEY: API_KEY`:

Author: verified with v0.24 and v0.23. User gets the `missing_authorization_header` error

Currently, Meilisearch databases are only compatible with the version of Meilisearch used to create them. The following guide will walk you through using a [dump](/learn/advanced/dumps.md) to migrate an existing database from an older version of Meilisearch to the most recent one.

If you're updating your Meilisearch instance on cloud platforms like DigitalOcean, AWS, or GCP, ensure that you can connect to your cloud instance via SSH. Depending on the user you are connecting with (root, admin, etc.), you may need to prefix some commands with `sudo`.

::: tip
If you are using v0.22 or above, use our [migration script](https://github.com/meilisearch/meilisearch-migration).
:::

::: danger
This guide only works for versions v0.15 and above. If you are using an older version, please [contact support](https://discord.gg/meilisearch) for more information.
:::

## Version-specific update instructions

This section contains instructions for upgrading from specific versions. Most versions don't require version-specific steps and you should be able to upgrade directly. If the version you are upgrading from isn't listed here, no additional steps are required.

> - If you are using **v0.24 or below**, use the `X-MEILI-API-KEY: API_KEY` authorization header:

Author: Works with both `X-Meili-API-Key` and `X-MEILI-API-KEY`. Will update to `X-Meili-API-Key`

> - If you are using **v0.24 or below**, use the `X-MEILI-API-Key: API_KEY` authorization header:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- If you are using **v0.24 or below**, use the `X-Meili-API-Key: API_KEY` authorization header:
```

}
```

If your `pkgVersion` is 0.21 or above, you can jump to [step 3](#step-3-create-the-dump). If not, proceed to the next step.

> If you get the error `Cannot open database, expected Meilisearch engine version: 0.X.X, current engine version 0.Y.Y`, your database is not compatible with the currently installed Meilisearch version.

Author: Agreed! I thought I had removed it

::: note
If your dump was created in Meilisearch v0.21 or above, [skip this step](#create-the-dump).
:::

When creating dumps using Meilisearch versions below v0.21, all fields must be [displayed](/learn/configuration/displayed_searchable_attributes.md#displayed-fields) in order to be saved in the dump.

Start by verifying that all attributes are included in the displayed attributes list:

<CodeSamples id="updating_guide_get_displayed_attributes_old_authorization_header" />

If the response for all indexes is `{'displayedAttributes': '["*"]'}`, you can move on to the [next step](#create-the-dump).

If the response is anything else, save the current list of displayed attributes in a text file and then reset the displayed attributes list to its default value `(["*"])`:

<CodeSamples id="updating_guide_reset_displayed_attributes_old_authorization_header" />

This command returns an `updateId`. Use the get update endpoint to track the status of the operation:

```sh
 # replace {indexUid} with the uid of your index and {updateId} with the updateId returned by the previous request
  curl \
    -X GET 'http://<your-domain-name>/indexes/{indexUid}/updates/{updateId}'

>     -H 'X-MEILI-API-Key: API_KEY'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    -H 'X-Meili-API-Key: API_KEY'
```

```

> Once the status is `processed`, you're good to go.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once the status is `processed`, you're good to go. Repeat this process for all indexes, then move on to creating your dump.
```

If the response is `{'displayedAttributes': '["*"]'}`, you can move on to the [next step](#step-3-create-the-dump).

If it's something else, save the current list of displayed attributes to restore it after the migration is complete. Next, reset the list of displayed attributes to its default value `(["*"])` using:

<CodeSamples id="updating_guide_reset_displayed_attributes_new" />

> This command returns an `updateId`. You can use this to [track the status of the operation](/reference/api/tasks.md#get-one-task). Once the status is `processed`, you're good to go.

Author: Tasks were called updates then. You're right, shouldn't have the task link here. I can just add a code sample for this

Before creating your dump, make sure that your [dump directory](/learn/configuration/instance_options.md#dumps-directory) is somewhere accessible. By default, dumps are created in a folder called `dumps` at the root of your Meilisearch directory.

::: note

> By default, cloud platforms are configured to store dumps in the `/var/opt/meilisearch/dumps` directory.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, the official Meilisearch images on DigitalOcean, AWS, and GCP are configured to store dumps in the `/var/opt/meilisearch/dumps` directory.
```

}
```

Use the `taskUid` to [track the status](/reference/api/tasks.md#get-one-task) of your dump. Keep in mind that the process can take some time to complete.

::: note
The response will vary slightly depending on your version. For v0.27 and below, the response returns a dump `uid`. You can track the status of the dump using the get dumps status endpoint:

```sh
  curl \
    -X GET 'http://<your-domain-name>/dumps/:dump_uid/status'
    -H 'Authorization: Bearer API_KEY' 
  # -H 'X-Meili-API-Key: API_KEY' for v0.24 or below
```

:::

Once the `dumpCreation` task shows `"status": "succeeded"`, you're ready to move on.

## Step 2: Prepare for migration

### Stop the Meilisearch instance

Stop your Meilisearch instance.

:::: tabs

::: tab Local installation

If you're running Meilisearch locally, you can stop the program with `Ctrl + c`.

:::

::: tab Cloud platforms

If you're running Meilisearch as a `systemctl` service, connect via SSH to your cloud instance and execute the following command to stop Meilisearch:

```bash
systemctl stop meilisearch
```

You may need to prefix the above command with `sudo` if you are not connected as root.

:::

::::

### Create a backup

> Instead of deleting `data.ms`, we suggest creating a backup in case something goes wrong. `data.ms` should be at the root of the Meilisearch binary, unless you chose [another location](/learn/configuration/instance_options.md#database-path).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Instead of deleting `data.ms`, we suggest creating a backup in case something goes wrong. `data.ms` should be at the root of the Meilisearch binary unless you chose [another location](/learn/configuration/instance_options.md#database-path).
```

On **cloud platforms**, you will find the `data.ms` folder at `/var/lib/meilisearch/data.ms`.

Move the binary of the current Meilisearch installation and database to the `/tmp` folder:

:::: tabs

::: tab Local installation

```
mv /path/to/your/meilisearch/directory/meilisearch /tmp

> mv /path/to/your/meilisearch/directory/meilisearch/data.ms /tmp/

Reviewer: I could be wrong, but I think if you try to execute these commands in order they will not work well, since the first command moves the `meilisearch` folder, and the `data.ms` folder is located within it. It probably makes more sense to move `data.ms` first, then move `meilisearch`. Or just use a single command to move `meilisearch` and keep `data.ms` within it. Right? 🤔 

**This comment does not apply to cloud platforms**, because in that case they are actually located in two different places.

Author: The second command `mv /path/to/your/meilisearch/directory/meilisearch/data.ms /tmp/` should be `mv /path/to/your/meilisearch/directory/data.ms /tmp/`. The first one is moving the binary, not the entire folder

```

:::

::: tab Cloud platforms

```
mv /usr/bin/meilisearch /tmp
mv /var/lib/meilisearch/data.ms /tmp/
```

:::

::::

## Step 3: Import data

### Install the desired version of Meilisearch

Install the latest version of Meilisearch using:

:::: tabs

::: tab Local installation

```bash
curl -L https://install.meilisearch.com | sh
```

:::

::: tab Cloud platforms

```sh
# replace {meilisearch_version} with the version of your choice. Use the format: `vX.X.X`
curl "https://github.com/meilisearch/meilisearch/releases/download/{meilisearch_version}/meilisearch-linux-amd64" --output meilisearch --location --show-error
```

:::

::::

Give execute permission to the Meilisearch binary:

```
chmod +x meilisearch
```

> For **cloud platforms**, move the new Meilisearch binary to the `/usr/bin` directory containing the executable files:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For **cloud platforms**, move the new Meilisearch binary to the `/usr/bin` directory:
```

:::

### Launch Meilisearch and import the dump

Execute the command below to import the dump at launch:

:::: tabs

::: tab Local installation

```bash
# replace {dump_uid.dump} with the name of your dump file
./meilisearch --import-dump dumps/{dump_uid.dump} --master-key="MASTER_KEY"
```

:::

::: tab Cloud platforms

```sh
# replace {dump_uid.dump} with the name of your dump file
meilisearch --db-path /var/lib/meilisearch/data.ms --import-dump "/var/opt/meilisearch/dumps/{dump_uid.dump}"
```

:::

::::

Importing a dump requires indexing all the documents it contains. Depending on the size of your dataset, this process can take a long time and cause a spike in memory usage.

### Restart Meilisearch as a service

If you're running a **cloud instance**, press `Ctrl`+`C`  to stop Meilisearch once your dump has been correctly imported. Next, execute the following command to run the script to configure Meilisearch and restart it as a service:

```
meilisearch-setup
```

If required, set `displayedAttributes` back to its previous value using the [update displayed attributes endpoint](/reference/api/settings.md#update-displayed-attributes).

> 
> ### Delete backup files or rollback (_optional_)

Reviewer: ```suggestion

## Conclusion

Now that your updated Meilisearch instance is up and running, verify that the dump import was successful and no data was lost.

If everything looks good, then congratulations! You successfully migrated your database to the latest version of Meilisearch. Be sure to check out the [changelogs]().

If something went wrong, you can always roll back to the previous version and try again. Be sure to check out the [version-specific update instructions](#version-specific-update-instructions), and feel free to [reach out for help](https://discord.gg/meilisearch) if the problem continues.

### Delete backup files or rollback (_optional_)
```

> ### Delete backup files or rollback (_optional_)

Reviewer: Could be wrong but I think this part may be missing a step: deleting the meilisearch binary + database that we just installed + created, respectively. It's not necessary to delete the binary if the user is just planning to try the update process again. I'm just worried that if this isn't specified, people will blindly follow the instructions and be confused when they end up with two Meilisearch directories / a strange response to the `meilisearch-setup` command.

> Now that your updated Meilisearch instance is up and running, verify that the dump import was successful and no data was lost.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> If for some reason, something went wrong, you can always roll back to the previous version. Move the files back to their previous location using:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Move the files back to their previous location using:
```

:::: tabs

::: tab Local installation

```
mv /tmp/meilisearch /path/to/your/meilisearch/directory/meilisearch

> mv /tmp/data.ms /path/to/your/meilisearch/directory/meilisearch/data.ms

Reviewer: May need to update this command depending on how the previous command is changed (i.e. whether or not `data.ms` stays within the `meilisearch` directory).

}
```

Use the `taskUid` to [track the status](/reference/api/tasks.md#get-one-task) of your dump. Keep in mind that the process can take some time to complete.

::: note
The response will vary slightly depending on your version. For v0.27 and below, the response returns a dump `uid`. You can track the status of the dump using the get dumps status endpoint:

```sh
  curl \
    -X GET 'http://<your-domain-name>/dumps/:dump_uid/status'
    -H 'Authorization: Bearer API_KEY' 

>   # -H 'X-MEILI-API-Key: API_KEY' for v0.24 or below

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  # -H 'X-Meili-API-Key: API_KEY' for v0.24 or below
```

```

:::

Once the `dumpCreation` task shows `"status": "succeeded"`, you're ready to move on.

## Step 2: Prepare for migration

### Stop the Meilisearch instance

Stop your Meilisearch instance.

:::: tabs

::: tab Local installation

If you're running Meilisearch locally, you can stop the program with `Ctrl + c`.

:::

::: tab Cloud platforms

If you're running Meilisearch as a `systemctl` service, connect via SSH to your cloud instance and execute the following command to stop Meilisearch:

```bash
systemctl stop meilisearch
```

You may need to prefix the above command with `sudo` if you are not connected as root.

:::

::::

### Create a backup

Instead of deleting `data.ms`, we suggest creating a backup in case something goes wrong. `data.ms` should be at the root of the Meilisearch binary unless you chose [another location](/learn/configuration/instance_options.md#database-path).

On **cloud platforms**, you will find the `data.ms` folder at `/var/lib/meilisearch/data.ms`.

Move the binary of the current Meilisearch installation and database to the `/tmp` folder:

:::: tabs

::: tab Local installation

```

> mv /path/to/your/meilisearch/directory/meilisearch /tmp
> mv /path/to/your/meilisearch/directory/data.ms /tmp/

Reviewer: I am pretty sure that this code snippet would not work, since `data.ms` is by default generated inside the `meilisearch` directory.

```suggestion
mv /path/to/your/meilisearch/directory/meilisearch/data.ms /tmp/
mv /path/to/your/meilisearch/directory/meilisearch /tmp/
```

As for the trailing slash, it's not necessary here but [a good habit](https://stackoverflow.com/a/24925767) nonetheless.

```

:::

::: tab Cloud platforms

```

> mv /usr/bin/meilisearch /tmp
> mv /var/lib/meilisearch/data.ms /tmp/

Reviewer: ```suggestion
mv /usr/bin/meilisearch /tmp/
mv /var/lib/meilisearch/data.ms /tmp/
```

### Restart Meilisearch as a service

If you're running a **cloud instance**, press `Ctrl`+`C`  to stop Meilisearch once your dump has been correctly imported. Next, execute the following command to run the script to configure Meilisearch and restart it as a service:

```
meilisearch-setup
```

If required, set `displayedAttributes` back to its previous value using the [update displayed attributes endpoint](/reference/api/settings.md#update-displayed-attributes).

## Conclusion

Now that your updated Meilisearch instance is up and running, verify that the dump import was successful and no data was lost.

If everything looks good, then congratulations! You successfully migrated your database to the latest version of Meilisearch. Be sure to check out the [changelogs](https://github.com/meilisearch/MeiliSearch/releases).

If something went wrong, you can always roll back to the previous version and try again. Be sure to check out the [version-specific update instructions](#version-specific-update-instructions), and feel free to [reach out for help](https://discord.gg/meilisearch) if the problem continues.

### Delete backup files or rollback (_optional_)

> Delete the Meilisearch binary and `data.ms` folder created in the previous step. Next, move the old files back to their previous location using:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Delete the Meilisearch binary and `data.ms` folder created by the previous steps. Next, move the backup files back to their previous location using:
```

:::: tabs

::: tab Local installation

```
mv /tmp/meilisearch /path/to/your/meilisearch/directory/meilisearch

> mv /tmp/data.ms /path/to/your/meilisearch/directory/data.ms

Reviewer: AFAIK for default meilisearch (no `--db-path` given), `data.ms` **must be found within the Meilisearch binary directory**. In which case, if users executed the code snippet you wrote, Meilisearch would not be able to start.

```suggestion
mv /tmp/data.ms /path/to/your/meilisearch/directory/meilisearch/data.ms
```

LMK if you think I'm wrong about this.

## Step 4: Stop the Meilisearch instance

Stop your Meilisearch instance. If you're running Meilisearch as a `systemctl` service, connect via SSH to your cloud instance and execute the following command to stop Meilisearch:

```bash
systemctl stop meilisearch
```

You may need to prefix the above command with `sudo` if you are not connected as root.

## Step 5: Create a backup

Instead of deleting `data.ms`, we suggest creating a backup in case something goes wrong. `data.ms` should be at the root of the Meilisearch binary, unless you chose [another location](/learn/configuration/instance_options.md#database-path).

::: note

> If you are using the Meilisearch official images on DigitalOcean, AWS, or GCP, you will find the `data.ms` folder at `/var/lib/meilisearch/data.ms`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are using the official Meilisearch images on DigitalOcean, AWS, or GCP, you will find the `data.ms` folder at `/var/lib/meilisearch/data.ms`.
```

:::

> Move the binary of the current Meilisearch version and the database to the `tmp/` folder:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Move the binary of the current Meilisearch installation and database to the `/tmp` folder:
```

:::: tabs

::: tab Local installation

```
mv /path/to/your/meilisearch/directory/meilisearch /tmp
mv /path/to/your/meilisearch/directory/meilisearch/data.ms /tmp/
```

:::

::: tab Cloud platforms

```
mv /usr/bin/meilisearch /tmp
mv /var/lib/meilisearch/data.ms /tmp/
```

:::

::::

## Step 6: Install the desired version of Meilisearch

Install the latest version of Meilisearch using:

:::: tabs

::: tab Local installation

```bash
# Install Meilisearch
curl -L https://install.meilisearch.com | sh

# Launch Meilisearch
./meilisearch
```

:::

::: tab Cloud platforms

```sh

> # replace {meilisearch_version} with the version of your choice. Use the format: `vX.X.X`

Reviewer: Should also replace `meilisearch-linux-amd64` with the appropriate OS, no?

Author: Good catch!

Author: [Most cloud platforms run on Linux](https://www.redhat.com/en/resources/state-of-linux-in-public-cloud-for-enterprises) but I will confirm

curl "https://github.com/meilisearch/meilisearch/releases/download/{meilisearch_version}/meilisearch-linux-amd64" --output meilisearch --location --show-error
```

:::

::::

Give execute permission to the Meilisearch binary:

```
chmod +x meilisearch
```

For cloud platforms, move the new Meilisearch binary to the `/usr/bin` directory containing the executable files:

```
mv meilisearch /usr/bin/meilisearch
```

## Step 7: Launch Meilisearch and import the dump

Execute the command below to import the dump at launch:

:::: tabs

::: tab Local installation

```bash
# replace {dump_uid.dump} with the name of your dump file

> ./meilisearch --import-dump /dumps/{your_dump_file.dump} --master-key="MASTER_KEY"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
./meilisearch --import-dump /dumps/{dump_uid.dump} --master-key="MASTER_KEY"
```

```

:::

::: tab Cloud platforms

> ```sh

Reviewer: For consistency, I would add the master key option (it's present in the local tab)

Author: When they run `meilisearch-setup` in step 8, it's going to ask them to set a master key anyway, so setting it launch would just be an extra step ig

# replace {dump_uid.dump} with the name of your dump file
meilisearch --db-path /var/lib/meilisearch/data.ms --import-dump "/var/opt/meilisearch/dumps/{dump_uid.dump}"
```

:::

::::

::: warning
If you are using Meilisearch v0.20 or below, migration should be done in two steps. First, import your dump into an instance running any version of Meilisearch from v0.21 to v0.24, inclusive. Second, export another dump from this instance and import it to a final instance running your targeted version.

Once Meilisearch v1 is released, this two-step process won't be necessary as v1 will be compatible with dumps from all previous versions.

> :::

Reviewer: Feels like this warning needs to come sooner, perhaps in the previous step: install the desired version of Meilisearch.

Importing a dump requires indexing all the documents it contains. Depending on the size of your dataset, this process can take a long time and cause a spike in memory usage.

::: danger `_geo` field in v0.27, v0.28, and v0.29

> You might not be able to import your dump due to Meilisearch allowing malformed `_geo` fields in the above-mentioned versions. Please ensure the `_geo` field follows the [correct format](/learn/advanced/geosearch.md#preparing-documents-for-location-based-search).

Reviewer: IMO it's better to be vague here, since users don't need to understand the cause of the problem: just that they can fix it by reformatting their `_geo` fields.

```suggestion
You might not be able to import your dump due to Meilisearch due to an error affecting `_geo` fields in the above-mentioned versions. Please ensure the `_geo` field follows the [correct format](/learn/advanced/geosearch.md#preparing-documents-for-location-based-search).
```

:::

## Step 8: Restart Meilisearch as a service

> Once your dump has been correctly imported, press `Ctrl`+`C`  to stop Meilisearch. Next, execute the following command to run the script to configure Meilisearch and restart it as a service:

Reviewer: It seems like this step applies only to people running Meilisearch on a cloud platform, no?

Can they even use `Ctrl + c`? If so, then why did we tell them to use `systemctl stop meilisearch` earlier?

Author: `Ctrl + c` is to return to the command line to type in `meilisearch-setup`. Meilisearch is still running
`systemctl stop meilisearch` -> stop running Meilisearch

```
meilisearch-setup
```

If required, set `displayedAttributes` back to its previous value using the [update displayed attributes endpoint](/reference/api/settings.md#update-displayed-attributes).

> ## Step 9: Delete backup files or rollback

Reviewer: The content of the step looks good but the order is a bit off. Process should be:

- Verify that dump import was successful and no data or settings were lost
- If data was lost, rollback
- If data was not lost, delete backups

Instructing people to delete their backups (which is not reversible btw) then saying "use the files you just deleted to rollback" seems like a bad idea.

> Now that your Meilisearch instance is up and running, you can delete the backup files with the following commands:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Now that your updated Meilisearch instance is up and running, delete the backup files:
```

```

> rm /tmp/meilisearch

Reviewer: I could be wrong, but assuming meilisearch is a folder containing the binary you would want to remove it recursively, no?

```suggestion
rm -r /tmp/meilisearch
```

rm -r /tmp/data.ms
```

> You can also delete the dump file using:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can also delete the dump file if desired:
```

:::: tabs

::: tab Local installation

```
rm /path/to/your/meilisearch/directory/meilisearch/dumps/{dump_uid.dump}
```

:::

::: tab Cloud platforms

```
rm /var/opt/meilisearch/dumps/{dump_uid.dump}
```

:::

::::

If for some reason, something went wrong, you can always roll back to the previous version. Move the files back to their previous location using:

:::: tabs

::: tab Local installation

```
mv /tmp/meilisearch /path/to/your/meilisearch/directory/meilisearch
mv /tmp/data.ms /path/to/your/meilisearch/directory/meilisearch/data.ms
```

:::

::: tab Cloud platforms

```
mv /tmp/meilisearch /usr/bin/meilisearch
mv /tmp/data.ms /var/lib/meilisearch/data.ms
```

:::

::::

And run the configuration script:

```
meilisearch-setup

> ```

Reviewer: Again, pretty sure this only works for cloud platforms, so should go in that tab.

Also, not positive about this, but you may need to specify which directory the user needs to be in to run this command.
